Update "Prepare to Migrate to Mule 4" (#28)
mulesoft/docs-beta: modules/ROOT/pages/migration-prep.adoc

* You and your team have updated your skills for Mule 4 through the documentation or formal training.
* You have the <<prepare_dev_environ, proper deployment environment>>.

> For projects that are deployed on Mule 3, you can use the Mule Migration Assistant (MMA) to save the time and effort of re-creating the application from scratch in Mule 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects deployed on Mule 3, use the Mule Migration Assistant (MMA) to avoid re-creating the application in Mule 4.
```

|Hybrid Deployment

> |You must install the standalone version of Mule 4 your servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Install the standalone version of Mule 4 on your servers.
```

|Anypoint Runtime Fabric

> |Runtime Fabric is Mule 4 ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Runtime Fabric supports Mule 4.
```

|Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (PCE)

> | PCE supports Mule Runtime 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PCE supports Mule 4.
```

|Anypoint Platform for Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF)

> | PCF does not support Mule Runtime 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PCF does not support Mule 4.
```

Reviewer: ...or in all of the above cases, you can substitute "Mule runtime engine 4/v4/version 4, if you prefer.
